For our project and throughout this course Sam and I will be using Unity twenty eighteen point three.
We're going to look at that version unless there's a really really good reason not to do so.
And the reason we're locking is when you change version of software it creates all sorts of problems
and hazards and re factors that you need to do.
So we're going to challenge you to be a grown up.
Having a grown up conversation here you and I is don't chase the latest version of Unity because new
versions come out very regularly like that feature looks cool all that feature looks cool.
The reason we're going to twenty eighteen point three is that's the first version that uses nested prefabs
and that's very important to us in the way that we're gonna be teaching this project now unity twenty
eighteen point three should be available to you forever more if it's not trying to find the closest
match and might be unity twenty eighteen point four and what version of twenty eighteen point three
do you need.
Well whichever one is available all the twenty eighteen point three is whether it's point three point
one or point three point eight on point three point twelve should be pretty much the same and give you
what you need throughout this course if you already have that installed or if you've already installed
unity hub and you know how to get twenty eighteen point three then skip the rest of the video if you
haven't got to that point yet then I'll show you how to grab unity hub install unity and be ready and
raring to jump into the rest of the course so open up your browser jump over to Unity 3D Dot Com This
is what the page looks like for me but it unity changes all the time so it's gonna look a little bit
different for you find that get started button or the download button or the let's get going button
whatever it might be for you things change with unity and at some point you're probably going to be
presented with would you like to pay some money or would you like to go for the personal version.
Now again this might change in the future we can't predict what unity is going to do but you're looking
for the thing that doesn't cost you money.
So for us now it's called personal win click on Try personal.
And from here it's going to ask us to accept the terms basically saying if you're earning less than
one hundred thousand dollars in the thing that you're using Unity for then you're all cool.
After that point you need to pay unity some money so that's great.
If your game earns tons of money then you need to give unity a share of that money.
And we're going to click on the download unity hub.
You haven't use Unity hub before this is really amazing it's a tool that allows us to have multiple
versions of unity manage our projects and a few other things.
So it's a pretty quick installation click on wherever that is downloaded for you and then click.
Yes.
I'm going to cancel out of my installation because I have unity hub installed already but just follow
the prompts.
It's pretty straightforward.
I think you know how to download and install some software given that this is an intermediate course
so install unity hub should be pretty quick.
And when that has finished downloading open it up if it hasn't finished yet and you're still waiting
for it then you can pause a video at this point or you can watch through and then circle back and do
this when it has finished downloading.
Now it's three this is Unity hub there's three tabs Project Loon and install projects it's going to
show us all of our projects that we have access to that we've created installs is what we're looking
for that will show the installs that I have already on my machine and also the official releases.
This is what we're looking for click on official releases.
And for me right at this very point in time the latest is twenty eighteen point three point three.
Now for you it's probably going to be point three point four point three point eight or even the latest
one might be 20 19 or whatever they choose to name it in the future.
So find if you can find a version of twenty eighteen point three.
Doesn't matter whether it's point three point three four point three point eight or point three whatever
just songs is twenty eighteen point three points something and click on the download button and in here
it will show us what components we want to install.
If you're planning on doing something for Android you can turn that on or IOW et cetera.
For us all we're going to do is the editor and the web JPL support and then click on done.
Once it's installed you can come back and change what components are installed so I'm going to just
give you an example that he's on my machine.
So this is currently installing and you can see I've got an older version of twenty eighteen point three
this twenty eighteen point three point one if I click on the three dots here I can add a component and
then come back in and add something that I may have missed in the past it's like actually you know what
I do wish to put these on Android so you can then go and install that retroactively which is really
cool.
And while we're waiting for it to download and install which will all happen automatically which is
very cool while that's happening we'll jump into the next video but just a quick note before we do at
some point unity might ask you to set up your account.
They might have done that already mind set up so it might ask you if your email address and what log
in details you want so just go ahead and set that up which is pretty easy to do.
Just follow the prompts there and then when it is finished installing you can click on these three little
buttons here and you can say set as preferred that means that will be the version of unity that opens
up when you start a new project as your preferred your default program.
Okay.
So let that finish doing what it's doing and jump over into the next video we're going to be talking
about installing our edit which is a little bit different to what we've used on our other projects.
It's visual studio code.
Okay.
Let's go to the next video.